you know whats up guys its tomb and i'm
bringing you guys some remington r870
gameplay on the map Plaza this is a
groundwork kill confirmed my Remington
right now i'm using a lightweight
hardline scavenger dexterity C for cat
40 and this is the laser sight and long
barrel in the cap for you as well and no
attachment on my herb on the Remington
not on the kap-40 i'm using health storm
lightning strike and sentry gun this
gameplay I look I just found this
gameplay cool because you don't see me
use shotguns often a lot of the time
it's smgs and when it is smgs it's
either scorpion the vector or the BMS MC
and I figured that uh I would try and
switch up the gameplay for you guys this
time I know what you're getting bored
watching the same things over and over
and over again and I can understand that
completely that's that's how a lot of
people feel about this game and the
other reason why I'm using the streaks
that I'm using is because they recycle
extremely quickly and they're very very
fun to use and they're very very easy to
use them you know lightning strike takes
like maybe a second or two to call it in
place the same thing with the health
store a missile and the sentry gun you
just fire and forget it and you just
leave it and that's pretty much it i
also i'm constantly moving in this game
play i think I'm always moving even when
I reload and i found this gameplay very
entertaining the play i was playing with
space if you guys don't know whose face
is space is just he's a cool dude he's a
friend of mine he like sneakers he likes
the same music we do him dreams and i
were probably like related in some way
because dream sounds like me and space
sounds like me in a sense and we all
kind of like the same stuff and it's
just weird we could be sibling but um
what i wanted to talk about in this
video is if I could change like two
things if I can change a personal thing
and if I could change a YouTube thing
what would I do and both of these things
intertwined with each other like I
always talk about being able to go back
in time and change something and if our
if I were able to change anything about
YouTube I would basically take all of
the knowledge all the networking skills
not even skills but all the networking
that I've done over the last two and a
half years a year or so what I would do
is
I would like like me now like two min
2013 or saasy in 2013 excuse me I would
sit down for about a day write down
everything that that has happened
everything that I've experienced
everything that I've learned be it from
commentary via from people that I've
talked to to the games that I've played
how to grow how to grow quickly you know
tips and tricks for getting extra to use
all that other stuff I would take all of
that write that down in a composition
book jump in a time machine go back to
march the second and give that to the
tomb who was what was that 16 just
turned 16 at the time i would give that
book to him and i would let him read
through that and i would tell him follow
every single step that's written down
this book because it will make you more
successful it will make your YouTube
more successful it would give you less
headaches and all that other stuff I
really wish that I had the knowledge
that I have now I wish I had it you know
back in 2010 and you know twenty ten and
twenty eleven ax 2012 i really wish I
did because I regret talking to some of
the people that I've talked to I regret
doing some of the stuff I've done
uploading some of the stuff that I've
uploaded talking to some of the same
people i've talked to it's just you know
you live and you learn in this innocence
and I could say the same thing about a I
could say the same thing about like
personally like personally I would I
wish that I could have gone back I'd
rewind the clock about a year a year and
a half not even a year and a half let's
say let's really want it to I really
wish that I had a paying attention in
school like like all right I never
really I don't even care for high school
because I always knew that it was a
waste of my time because the things that
I was being taught when they weren't
going to help me reach any of the goals
that I had set for myself or who or any
glues goals that I wanted to set for
myself or wanted to reach for myself I I
found high school extremely monotonous
boring and not challenging at all and
now I don't necessarily regret not
paying attention but I feel as though
that I could have
like if I had done just certain certain
little things I'd be in a better
position that I am right now but you
know you're living you learn and I no
longer have tunnel vision like I had
last year I've identified some stuff for
you know myself I've identified stuff
for myself that I love and you know
passions that i never thought that i
really had you know be you know kicks
cars food cooking whatever and I'm like
I'm happy with where I am right now and
I'm glad that I'm making progress and on
building my empire so none of my family
will have to do it after me after I'm
growing so that's it for this comment
day hope you enjoyed don't forget to
follow me on twitter check out dreams
and check out space down below they both
have twitter and yeah they're pretty
cool dude so i holla'd shot later I'm
tomb I'm out peace